Nameless Rat
Dare to impersonate the Dragon King
Believe it or not, I'll shoot you to death.
You don't know what to do
Ask the Dragon King to root out this counterfeit
Boy, you are so brave
Everyone knows that the deity has been practicing for decades
You're only thirty years old.
How dare you call yourself a dragon king
I have learned magic
Natural youth lasts forever
How can I be as old as you?
I'm panting when I walk.
You look like you're going to die.
Keep your eyes peeled.
This is the Dragon Jade that this Dragon King can wear.
fine
Complete and authentic
Too bad yours is fake.
This is the real one.
You say this is true.
Bring it over and show it to me.
Please bring it over and let me take a look.
If you dare not take it
You are fake
Why should I show you?
Yours is fake.
I am real
You are fake
Yours is fake.
Fake you that is fake you are fake
You are fake
of